I'm going to do a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
What am I supposed to do?
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case
scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells
us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we're dealing with the latest data tells us that we
are dealing with the latest data tells us that we are dealing with the latest data tells us that we can tell us that we can tell us that we can tell us that we can tell us that we can tell us that we can tell us that we can tell us that we can tell us that we can tell us that we can tell us that we were dealing with the latest data tells us that we were dealing with the latest data tells us that we were dealing with the latest data tells us that information never exposed the latest data tells us that we were dealing with the latest data tells us that we learned is
we learned isIn exerc reborn
I think truth is good for kids, we're so busy seeing, we learned is So, unique and we learned is we learned is we learned is we learned is we learned is we learned is we learned' is we learned it's we learned' is we learned sounds.
but you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie, you know, and I don't think
I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I think it's like really important
not to be a liar.
I'm not sure exactly who he is. His name is J. J. Cooley, and I believe he's a consultant for
CHD, and I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar,
I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar, I don't want
But it takes me a while to get the spark.
I wasn't sure what to do with my Sunday.
I want it to be a little different than let's watch another movie and talk about liars.
And so I've come up with this idea on the top of my head, the anti-acadamagic hour.
I don't know if it's going to work, but that's what I'm calling today,
Sunday's anti-acadamagic hour on Guille Biological.
Music
And what I mean by accadamagic is just the whole, you know, people who think that
knowledge is being created through repetitive,
preparing falsification of null hypotheses,
and the people that are intellectually dishonest enough
or intellectually disconnected enough so that they can't see
how to progress past it. And I'm not trying to be too cocky because
remember, a lot of these bigger ideas are coming to me by
a guy by the name of Greg Glassman and a woman by the name of Emily Kaplan,
who are two people heading up the Broken Science Initiative
and going at the philosophy underlying the
accadamagicians and the accadamagic that is occurring at our institutions
like the CDC, the FDA, and a lot of universities that do this kind of
accadamagic. All of the people on this screen
would qualify as accadamagicians with the exception of the people
in the upper right, but all these other people here
are essentially accadamagicians. They are people that have
participated in the false creation of knowledge
using the falsification of
null hypotheses. And so as we move forward
and try to make gentle the life of this world
as we transition out of this mythology
and away from these charlatans, it is really important
that we stay very, very focused on the biology.
We don't take the bait on social media and on TV
and we love our neighbors because they need it to fall into complete chaos
and we on the other hand, if we're going to go through this
with free grandchildren, we need to have our local
communities stay intact as they continue to dismantle
the larger parts of the system that we have no control over.
And then what that means is that we're going to have to pass
this understanding onto our kids in real time.
It's a bit like trying to teach somebody to surf because
at any moment, if they're not paying attention, they're going to go down.
So you're teaching them in real time with real consequences and that's what's really
at hand here. If there are people that are actively lying to your kids
then they are the wave. If there are people that are actively deceiving
our grandparents and our old people then they are part of that wave too
and we are that trying to be that dude on that surf that board that's so
cool on his knees, so chill trying to save these people
from the consequences of this wave of lies.
And giga-home biological strategy is to stay focused on the biology.
That might not be for everybody because not everybody has
spent a lifetime studying under their tutelage. Not
everyone is a recovering academy justion like myself and so it might
not be staying focused on the biology that gets you out.
It might be something else where you have a stronger handhold, a firmer
understanding and then you can see more clearly their nonsense and then
be able to not take the bait and be able to focus on loving
your neighbor as this wave approaches. The skilled TV watchers
in your family, the skilled TV watchers at your school board or in
your PTA, the people that you play cards with
save them all while we still can because
it's a crucial time coming up. I don't know if it's going to be the election or soon after
but we're all about to get a rude awakening and so we might as well
try to wake up as many people as we love before that happens
and so the best way to do that is to share this stream or at least one good way
if you find it useful, share this stream. That's how this has worked so far.
There's a few people that contribute, you know, people that subscribe
and people that give every once in a while a donation and it's so
far this family of five, it's
me and my best friend and three kids and
it's working. So thanks to everybody who does support the stream.
Thanks to everybody who's, I'm not only broadcasting
on Rumble, today I should be on PeerTube on YouTube and on Rumble
although it might be hard to find them sometimes. If you wouldn't mind checking
it says that I'm on YouTube, it says that I'm on PeerTube and it says that I'm
on Rumble as well as Twitch. I'm good to see you Christy
and McDuff lives. I recognize that name somehow.
Cool. So yeah, we're here again.
Trying to change, trying to
make a huge paradigm shift here, try to help
push along the realization that we have been misled into
interpreting the variables incorrectly and we've been misled
because it's not really our hands that's been in front of our eyes, it's our phone,
it's our social media, it's the TV and we need to pull our hands down
stop participating in their illusion
and start engaging in non-compliance and finding ways to do that.
That's one of the tricky things about the system right now. It's actually pretty hard
waiting on YouTube. Oh, I bet
yeah, I didn't push the button. You got to push the button on YouTube, don't you? Okay, I'm
going to push the button right now. Go live. I think you got to do what?
Go live, it says, it doesn't say, it says excellent
connection. Dismiss.
Can I go live then or what? The button won't.
Or maybe it's
it says that I'm on, but I guess I'm not
on YouTube.
That's strange. Okay, and they just fool around with it one more time here and I'll see if I can do it.
Copy. It said action connection. So then this should be copy
and then modify.
Drop this in.
Okay, or which one are you talking about? Are you talking about
the other one? Wait, you're talking about this one, aren't you?
I think that's the one I just copied. Copy. I'm going to turn this music down
because I think it's going to give me a give me copyright problems if I don't
modify and then go over here
and then drop this in and then okay
and then start.
It says no data. And then it says excellent connection.
It says go live. Okay, here we go. We're going to go right now, but I got to get this back
up. Hold on one second because we don't want to have that there. There we go.
And go live. Okay, so I should be live on YouTube
now too. Thank you very much for joining me. I'm sure that music
is going to cause trouble. So I'm just going to go like this and go like this
and then bring this back up again underneath. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm a
human just like you. This is Giga Home Biological. See you on YouTube now as well.
Anyway, are we there now?
Do you see it there, Christy? It's May 5th,
2024. And this is Giga Home Biological.
Not yet live, it's got to be. I see it. There we go.
Good morning.
Good morning, good evening, good afternoon, good night wherever you are.
Hello, welcome to Gigo and Biological, a high-resistance low-noise information brief
brought to you by a biologist.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
I'm coming to you live from my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It is 1043, Eastern Daylight Time, and it's another show.
We're trying to do it at 10-10 when your watch looks the best, but for some reason or another,
the shenanigans of a family of five always get in the way during the weekend and I get
on just a little late during the week.
I think I'm going to be able to nail 10-10 going forward because it feels really good
to be here at 10-10.
When I get out of the bed really fast, there's not a long delay between when I'm ready to
go and when I'm going to go.
One o'clock always felt like I was ready to go by 10 and I wasn't going, and so then
I had to figure out how to work on the next day's stream while still being ready to go
with this one.
So 10-10 is working great today.
Again, like I said, waffles and things get in the way, but I'm ready to go.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting
the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
If you need to understand any of this biology because you're curious or because you think,
wow, how can you string those words together and make any sense?
You should tune into other streams that I've done.
You can find that on Twitch.
You can find it on my own peer tube website.
You can find it.
Some of them have been on YouTube and I'm basically speaking to YouTube right now because
I'm rarely here and it seems like we at least have some viewers on YouTube, which is kind
of nice.
The hypothesis running on this broadcast that has been formulated and fine-tuned over
the last couple of years is that the who declared a pandemic of a particularly dangerous
novel virus, but it's likely that the tests were neither specific for a particular virus
nor were they accurate at picking up something in the background, but instead, either a combination
of noise and preexisting signal was misconstrued as spread and because of the nature of the
media campaign and the spectacular commitment to a universal, almost universal set of lies,
they were able to convince the healthcare conglomerates of, you know, everybody runs
hospitals and doctors and TV programs and schools and nursing homes all that something very significant
one was happening when in fact it wasn't and you could consider it more like a fire drill
where everybody's committed to executing the fire drill even when they find out that they
didn't need to call the fire department or even worse that maybe somebody on the inside wanted
to run a drill and so then pulled the fire alarm, fully knowing that the people at the school were
going to act like they were as a fire and that the fire department was going to respond like
there was a fire and so if in the end the entire school got soaked in foam and some of the kids
were killed because of the way that the fire department rushed in to try and save them then
that would be part of the drill and they would learn from it and if you think of the pandemic
more like that, more like something that has been gamed out over several other exercises,
both tabletop and reel and as being sort of the the fruits of this operation are being reaped by
many different maybe even competing interests and competing weaponized piles of money all under
the agreement that we're going to agree to lie or look the other way about what we all know,
wink, wink, is a national security operation and therefore lying about stuff is okay
and the worst part about it is is that I think that they put people out there already in 2020
with very specific parts of a truth narrative and told them to stick to it so that none of us
would be able to accurately assemble what was really going on because of this coordinated symphony
of liars and it wasn't just Tony Fauci and Rand Paul arguing about lab leak, it wasn't just
you know Peter Dasek and Ralph Barrick, it isn't just the NIH, it isn't just the DoD, it isn't just
one entity. First and foremost we should think about who moves things in our world and that is
weaponized piles of money and the men and women that control those weaponized piles of money
and then after that it might be the corporations that those weaponized piles of money can influence
and move around and then maybe it might be the governments that can do the same things
then you might think of the large investment banks as having something to do with it because
they are intertwined with these these private equity firms slash weaponized piles of money
but governments that can print their own money at infinitum are also kind of weaponized piles of
money aren't they now. Banks that can engage in fractional reserve banking is is definitely
a form of weaponized money and so these are the interests that they don't want us to think about
instead they wanted us to solve a scooby-doo mystery about a lab leak which got us all to assume the
presuppositions of the narrative which is that there was a lab leak that RNA can pandemic and
and giga ohm biological has been teaching consistently for more than two years that it's likely that
RNA no matter what specials beer and cleavage cider what special homology with with staphyl
staphylococcan and teratoxin b or whatever homologies with hiv g p 120 have been inserted
into a hypothetical gain of function spike protein that would not endow an RNA encoding it
to encircle the globe and infect all zoo populations and all the wildlife in america
no way that's just a mythology and if we go pre-2020 there's actually no academic
academic papers demonstrating that that's even remotely a possibility there are papers that
use the word pandemic that use the words pandemic and potential in combination repeatedly even use
it in the title but none of those papers represent a set of observations which
edifies the idea that a pandemic of an RNA in a mud puddle can occur at all and so it is very
likely after many many years of trying to convince us that this biological threat exists both in
bat caves and in laboratories and soon in even the garages of of endeavors biological
you know amateurs
that we need to surrender all of our sovereignty over to these people so that we can get to
the transhuman perfection uh that people like ray Kurzweiler has told us are going to come in
between 10 and 15 years where there will be no disease where there will be no death where
we will live forever if we want to or some people will and this mythology that's coming in the
future is really just one contiguous intellectual mythology that extends all the way back to the
special cancer virus program and goes through the AIDS crisis and goes through the the chronic
fatigue syndrome circuses that repeated more than once we've found out very recently not just
judy mikovitz but one person before that thanks to mark husatonic mark ITS mark husatonic live
who's already had one youtube channel canceled but when you go on youtube to look for somebody
like robert malone there are hundreds of videos but he's supposedly censored if you go look for
videos of of bret weinstein who who apparently is just terrible they're everywhere
but if mark husatonic with mark kulak with with a few thousand subscribers does a video about
hillary kaprowski he gets a strike
strange world we live in ladies and gentlemen unless you see that it's just a gigantic national
security operation that hasn't ended it's ongoing and everything that lives on youtube is an admission
because what couldn't live on youtube and what does live on youtube is very important
and it is not that the censorship is changing it is that the story is progressing
and i think the best way to say it is that they need all the pigs in the cage
and so they keep needing to put more of the truth out there so that more of us will go yeah see there
we go i knew it that guy's got it and then they can close the cage and they're not there yet i
think the only way they're going to get the rest of us in the cage is with pain and that's why
i think we need to be very vigilant and we need to keep working hard to wake up as many young
people as possible because that's the rift i think they're counting on is that the young
people will be on board the young people will be on board and the young people will be even
angrier with us this time around whatever it is doesn't have to be disease x it can also be
election fraud x or assassination x or any number of grid down scenarios
that then result in some kind of you know drama that then has a limited spectrum of debate that
everybody's focused on and now we're now we've run out another year of the clock
and then the food supply next year and the inflation next year is double what it is this year and so even more people are suffering
and even more people are losing their houses to big banks and now we're into 2027
and maybe at that point we'll be talking about how actually we should have called this
transfection all along and that there are a lot more people injured than we we realize and boy the
american government is one shitty place and then we're almost to 2028
and the controlled demolition of america and by by proxy all of the whatever's left of the republics
of the west will be destroyed by by essentially the old the people that live there because the
people that live there all around the world are being confused by fear and and contradictory narratives
i'm i'm very very uh
i'm very very optimistic that our children are going to be able to pull out of this
nosedive but i'm not very optimistic that the current crop of adults that we have now
is going to be able to do it i'm up i'm i think we should try
but even if we get them i don't think we're going to get where we need to go that's why i think we
need to focus on people that are younger than us we need to focus on young people and getting
more young people to be able to express this message to me express the message that we have
been lied to by a symphony of coordinated liars who have accepted the role of perpetrating the
the potential for a worst case scenario so that compliance would be maximum
and so that that absurd video of of bill gates that's going around right now where he says we're
pretty much going to try mRNA on every vaccine that's already in existence and all the things
that we've ever wanted to make a vaccine from we're just going to try it with RNA too at least
that's what we're going to invest in because it's so cheap to make
and it's in a way it makes perfect sense because these narratives in order to create the chaos
it's necessary have to continue to move farther apart they have to keep doubling down on yeah
it was natural and of course it's going to come again and of course vaccines are the best thing
and these people have to keep doubling down on the fact that no no it was a lab leak it was
worse it could be even worse next time next time it could be a billion people but also they're
lying about these shots so we got to be very careful maybe it's just ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine
and zinc that we should all stock up on and so they've all got to double down in order to keep
the fracture progressing deeper and there are some other as we've seen some other disarming
satellite stories yesterday and the day before i think we're two extremely exceptional study halls
that really brought home what i have been trying to bring home for a long time
i want people to complain so what do i do i go to Des Moines ladies and gentlemen of people on the
screen i have nothing against Des Moines i live there for four years i go to Des Moines i infect
a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines i go to Seattle i infect a couple of cases there i
go to North Carolina i go to Wisconsin what i'm doing is i'm using a dispersion methodology to
be able to infect sentinel cases with a highly morbid condition these individuals complain again
this is essential now the reason why this is important of course is because dr girdano is
an ex is explaining how the illusion of a pandemic could be created using a toxin the whole context
of this is is that he's not going to release an agent that is contagious it's not an agent
that's contagious it doesn't spread and in fact he doesn't want that what he wants is people to
complain he wants a couple people in all these places to complain and then the real what the
weapon he's going to use is the internet he's going to tell people that there's asymptomatic spread
he characterizes is that it's something else in this video like uh like uh what does he call it
um it's something about syndrome i'll go back just them banging on the door the cdc comes back and
says nonsense that's not so i don't know if i can do it let me see is it gonna let me go back
okay
uh real i come back and say that's fake news maybe it'll let me do it okay yes here we go
i'm just gonna run it again because i want to hear the whole thing i want people to complain
so what do i do i go to demoy ladies and gentlemen of people on the screen i have nothing against
Des Moines i live there for four years oh you you you sorry guys i am uh early but i want is
high mobility i want people to complain so what do i do i go to Des Moines ladies and gentlemen of
people on the screen i have nothing against Des Moines i live there for four years i go to Des Moines i
infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines i go to Seattle i infect a couple of cases there i
go to North Carolina i go to Wisconsin what i'm doing is i'm using a dispersion methodology to
be able to infect sentinel cases with a highly morbid condition these individuals complain again
this is a central nervous system condition so they're complaining of whatever the bug may do
it'll produce some cascade of neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms and then
what i do the real bug that i use is the internet i take attribution for that yes i'm a terrorist
group and now one of the things you have to remember is that it's a little more impressive
during the pandemic this is from 2017 the pandemic that we experienced the real bug they used was
the internet was also to have all kinds of people already engaged in in in speculation about what
the worst case scenario was and they got people to engage in speculation about the worst case
scenario by seeding a narrative of a lab leak and the potential for a cover-up and once you
see that narrative with people who agree with each other that wow i mean if this is a lab leak
then it could be much worse and the numbers like r0t of 16 would be totally feasible i mean if
they engineered it who knows and there were people talking like that and not just in in they
had those people talking like that because as i've stated in previous streams a lot of the people
on this screen had no business knowing what they knew when they knew it or saying what they said
when they said it unless they were queued up to do so to make sure that not only were these ideas
present very early and associated with the virus but they could be sustained by these people as
being first on the scene with this idea and particularly i'm talking about the fear and cleavage
site because the list of people and when they talked about the fear and cleavage site is so
suspect at this point because not one of them not one of them in my humble opinion has turned
out to be a legitimate uh a legitimate a legitimate dissident and trying to fight against the illusion
of a pandemic but rather after four years has painted a very consistent picture of behavior
which suggests that all along their job was to create and maintain the story of potentially
a worst-case scenario that includes a disease that might resemble flying aids
and the people that proposed that this might be the case early on in 2020 some of them are
still saying it's going to come and it's a very parallel story to what uh here at abundant
bosh is talking about right now which is a story that he started telling in january of 21
and for a while i thought that he was the only one who was telling the truth and it was the thing
that i pushed in my review was that we could potentially cause a disaster if there's any
antibody dependent enhancement or if we influence the evolution of the virus that at that time i
still thought was circulating that i i had become convinced again by a lot of medlers that my idea
in 2020 in may and june and july that they were lying about a background was ridiculous
and it was a lot of people that convinced me of that a lot of people worked very hard to convince
me that that stance was ridiculous which is now my stance again because i've been able to
over a consistent period of time identify extremely inconsistent behavior and a lot of
the people on this screen not sukred bhakti not nick hudson not mike eden
not wolf gang woda not really even denny wrinkle or not even really
peter mcculler
peter mcculler does stay consistent on early treatment and on virus and on covid-19 so yes
that's why he's over here zebzalenko's gone bobby kennedy spoke out in october about the
lockdowns being wrong and about public health being a disaster and about them wanting to
give us digital ids and stuff like that and he wasn't wrong about that
but he also has sold a book saying that this is a gain of function virus that was a leak and
that covered up and that fauci and all these people are the scooby-doo mystery solved
we have over here pere kori who has sold the book about ivermectin
we have right next to him um brett weinstein who came out in june of 2021 to say that he had the
secret sauce of ivermectin that allowed him to prophylactically avoid covid and that if
everybody took it for 30 days him and steve kirsch agreed that we could all reach zero covid as in
the virus would be gone
this is uh kevin mccairn in japan um who said in 2020 that a billion people could die
and it might be the worst case scenario so we should make masks and a longer lockdown
was already on the spike protein as a gain of function research evident as evidence of gain
of function research and was very early on talking about how amyloidosis and prionogenesis might be
engineered into this protein even though he's never spent any time at all teaching people
what that means in the context of biology what is a prion and what does it do and how would they
take that and put it into a fusion protein of a virus nothing at all
how does amyloidosis work on a systemic level and how would they engineer that into the protein
nothing at all just vague details about some modeling that they did or or some algorithm
that they use to identify these sequences or some in vitro experiment that they did in a dish
which caused some kind of change or some kind of aggregate protein to form
coming up with magnificent tales that try to tell a story about some particular aspects of
transfection being criminally negligent into a special aspect of a special protein that was
made by especially bad people instead of them just lying about transfection being a good
alternative to the other crap that they used to inject into our children
they want you to believe that they put a special protein in you and that's why it didn't work
or that the protein wasn't pure or that the RNA wasn't pure or that maybe it was the double
stranded DNA in there that's causing all this trouble instead of just the fact that transfection
in its purest form would have been bad and remained so unless you have cancer maybe then it helps
and the crazy part about Robert Malone for example who a lot of people still think he's a hero
is that you know what's really weird that's no one's pointed out until right now because
no one's trying to figure this out really
is that what is actually strange is that he tells the story over and over again I just heard it again
while I was shooting around with Jay Bhattacharya on the illusion of consensus podcast isn't that weird
Robert Malone regales him with the story that he threw away his career once already
and by throwing away his career he means that he got three articles in the New York Times where
he was interviewed about his expertise in transformation that is using adenovirus carrying a gene to treat
a genetic disorder and after those articles he claims that he lost his career but what happened
was he was given a breast cancer institute somewhere else which is not exactly losing your career
and the funny thing about that story is is that again remember I remind you Jessica Gelsinger
Jessica Jesse Gelsinger died of an adenovirus basically that was ejected into him to give his
liver a protein that it didn't have and the the immunological consequences of that were liver
failure because his immune system attacked his liver acutely because you can't express a protein
that's not your own in the liver and expect the immune system to ignore it the lipid nanoparticle
did exactly what it was supposed to do it went right to the liver because that's where it goes
after it's hit floats around wherever the hell it wants to a lot of them go to the liver maybe
up to 70 percent and so in reality that's where probably a lot of spike protein is expressed in
a lot of people as well and so liver damage is also something that's very possible I think
but with regard to this they had especially I mean it killed him acutely and so Robert Malone
claims this guy over here one of these these people claims that one of the you know sort of
evidence of his 20 career 20 year career of being a golden lion of bioethics is that he was the one
who blew the whistle on Jesse Gelsinger you could also see it as he's the one who controlled the
limited spectrum of debate about how people would talk about this and it turns out that one of the
stories that's really central is that they went off protocol and gave him a higher dose because
they believed so much in the therapy and so the argument is kind of weird because he's not saying
that the the adenovirus didn't work he's saying that the scientists were unethical because they went
off the protocol and gave him more and a higher dose than they had had planned or had written down
and he makes a big story about how he had to consult with his bioethics friend to decide
whether he had the obligation to come forward and then he did and then he even it makes fun of
the ethics guy because apparently that ethics guy started an ethics institute with Jesse's dad
and that makes him have conflicts of interest but unlike Robert Malone he just chose the high road
well after that long story is it really weird then that when the first vaccine that came out in the
UK was an adenovirus based vaccine encoding a spike protein that he didn't speak out immediately
because he said well I dude I did this 10 years ago already adenovirus doesn't work like that
holy shit are you going to give people adenovirus that expresses a spike protein
I already lost my career one speaking out against this idea you can't do that in healthy humans
he didn't at all he was silent
in fact you can find videos of him talking in 2021 about the highly vaccinated population in the
UK being a possible source of oh isn't that an interesting oversight maybe he should have
spoke out against the AAV before the mRNA was even hitting the market he should have already said
wow wait a minute I was in the New York Times three times a decade ago talking about how bad this
is you can't possibly think this is the right way to go are you crazy these lipid nanoparticles
go to the liver are you guys nuts don't you see it now ladies and gentlemen and that's what happened
with almost all of the people that are on one diagonal of this picture or another and it's only
the people in the middle here like secret bhakti and mike eden nick hudson uh uh wolf gang wodok
denny rancor and myself and mark kulak and jessica hockett that are here not believing in a lab leak
not believing in a natural bad cave virus not arguing that there's nothing there
and then it's all water or something there are no pathogens there's you know flip-flopping
between arguing very succinctly about the weaknesses of coronavirus biology and then pivoting right
away to to any number of ridiculous statements it's no different than what chucker carlson does
it's no different than what Alex jones has been doing
Alex jones has made it completely impossible to question the sandy hook narrative
Alex jones has made it completely impossible to take anything to do with the bohemian grove seriously
Alex jones has made it impossible for half of the country to accept any of the truths that
he may have revealed and mixed in with his his circus show and once you see that someone like
Robert Malone as early as last week or this week can go on Alex jones and call him a hero and somebody
who can see around corners how can we not assume that we are being played by all of these people
collectively governed by their bullshit they all agree that there was a virus that killed
millions of people but millions more were saved imperfectly and they all agree that viruses will
come again it's just a question of will they be gained a function or can we be lucky enough
that they'll only be natural ones and even these people above my head the last two days if you
haven't been able to be convinced that some of them or their advisors are keeping them exactly
where they need to be in order to make sure that this position in the middle which is occupied by
people who say that we are just being lied to occupied by the position of people that believe
that they intended to deceive us so that we would believe transfection worked
so that they can protect this this bunk vaccine schedule that they've been using on us for decades
that they can protect the illusion that public health is and that's the exact reason why yesterday's
stream was so valuable because that's the revelation that I was so able to so succinctly
put out right in the middle of that stream if those people up there wanted this to end in 2020
they could have said there are no viruses they don't test for them they don't do controls and
what the conclusion you must come to then is that people are being murdered in order to create the
illusion of this spread people are being killed and maybe they only had to kill people in New
York City and only had to lie about people dying in New York City before these people and these
people over there and these people down here all had the anecdotal evidence that they needed to go
all all in on their part of the narrative all in on their part of the narrative alone there's
uh early treatment in ivermectin um uh natural virus versus lab leak um the danger of delta or
not danger of delta would it surprise you that in 2021 in august that you can find videos on youtube
that haven't been canceled where Robert Malone is talking about the virulence of delta and leaked
cdc documents that describe an r0 of 8 for delta it shouldn't surprise you because he was part of
the theater which made sure that again just like dr g or donno said the internet was a source of
misinformation that would make sure that the presuppositions of the narrative were completely
supported no matter which direction you went and if you went up into the upper corner over here
and the game is still going on that's why the the story of a lot of these people over here
hasn't really changed right that's why the story of all these people down here definitely hasn't
changed and you will see a very similar pattern of not changing up here and in fact what's really
cool about what we saw in the video yesterday is how little they're actually able to discuss
and it is that inability to summarize across lies like if virology is a lie then what else is a lie
explain it why not in one time or another repeat over and over again that if virology is a lie
then vaccines are a lie why don't they say that why don't they say what i said last night that you
know america was so unhealthy and so bad and they virology can't do this so they must have done
something else and new york is very suspicious and think of how far they could have been by now
think about how far they could have been in 2023 and think about how far some of the other
organizations that i've been inside of and helped advise and some of the books that i've helped
helped write or or back check could have had this more eloquently or succinctly or clearly present
that this possibility that RNA can't pandemic that pandemics don't exist in RNA virology and that
they have after many years of fuddling around with them trying to make something transmissible i assume
is one interesting goal
i don't know i don't know ladies and gentlemen other than to know that almost everyone that i have
on this corner on this side of the of the of the screen over here and all the people up in this
corner some reason or another are just not able to have progressed very much in their understanding
or what they can ask questions and and think about and they have all made a sort of weirdly
concerted effort not to understand the big picture not to understand how we could easily come together
despite the fact that we might disagree about some things we can come together about the fact
that they've lied to us and agree that certain things are really awful but they they don't want
to do that they don't want to do that they don't want to do that by design
because these are all independent limited spectrums of debate in which if you are trapped
it's very very difficult to get out
because each one of these groups represents a group of people that within which are coordinated
liars and so if all of these people agree to kind of lie about the shortcomings of virology
and the shortcomings of public health and the shortcomings of our fidelity and understanding
of HIV then we don't stand much of a chance
if all of these people up here are willing to coordinatively lie about the presence of a lab
leaked virus and that the relevance of thinking about the evolution of it the relevance of thinking
about censorship or mandates rather than questioning the existence of an RNA with the capability of
causing a pandemic from a mud puddle even the the people that purport to be very skilled
multi-field biologists like like Jessica Rose or or or Robert Malone or or Brett Weinstein or
maybe even serial entrepreneur Steve Kirsch none of these people seem to have the intellectual
depth to get to the point where they can say why RNA can't pandemic is a dumb statement other than
well look at the judge said database none of them can seem to overcome the problem of infectious
clones except to try and say infectious clones either don't do anything or do the same thing
none of them can get to the point where they can succinctly describe the the hypothesis I'm
putting forth and then offer an alternative that that that kind of purports to refute it or shows
the weaknesses of it if you just keep repeating apobec all the time or keep repeating there's a
gene called exon that's proofreading in coronaviruses and it's not 10 to the 6th it's 10 to the 4th or
something like that that's not sufficient it's sufficient for twitter it's sufficient for
skilled social media users and that's the problem
and so until we are able to get enough people aware of how the symphony of lying is accomplished
and it doesn't have to be all members of this choir many of the members of this choir may be
comfortably naive have chosen to remain ignorant
even more likely they probably just aren't clever enough to know and it's very hard when
multiple people are lying to you and agreeing to do so it's very difficult
and I humbly submit that one of the reasons why it took me until 2024 to be able to succinctly
use this video from dr. Giordano to explain what really happened and why this coordinated symphony
of lies also progresses it just progresses very much slowly very much more slowly than we could
have had we listened to the right people in 2020 if we'd listened to all the right people in 2020
we would be right where we are right now probably already in may
but because we listened to this cacophony and because the internet and its programming
elevated this cacophony while suppressing or completely essentially deleting anyone who had
progressed farther than that and then carefully controlled it and got these people in front of
those people so that they felt like they were making progress finally they said my name
the ball's moving forward but it's not
you're in you're on a school bus
and you think you're going on a field trip but actually you're being kidnapped and some of the
people on the bus are actually in on it and the rest of the people are being kidnapped
but the kids that some of the kids that got on the bus are getting on the bus knowing that they're
not going to they're not going into slave labor at the end of this they're going to go pick up
another group of kids they're in on it and that's what these a lot of these people not Mike Eden
not Nick Hudson not Suke I don't think Sukered Bakti I don't think Wolfgang Wodock I don't think
Zeb Zelenko was in on I don't think Denny Rancor or I don't think them are they are you know I'm
worried about Peter McCullough only because every time I've interacted with him every time I watch
him on screen I feel it's someone under duress and I don't get that feeling with a lot of other
people but with Dr. McCullough I really feel like he may know that some of the things he says are
essentially part of a worst case scenario he may know more than he's willing to say and
his track record would reveal that right because he came out very early he needed to be co-opted he
was coming out about hydroxychloroquine and how these trials were dumb and how talking about swollen
hearts was ridiculous because he had a technician that had held more hearts in her hand than anyone
else and so this was just a ridiculous notion and so he needed to be co-opted
and it may be that some of these other people were co-opted that were meaning well but then also
the the the narrative controllers the national security operations saw them as potential epigirls
and so co-opted them and in so doing they have risen faster than the legitimate people that they
stand in front of and by that definition they then control the narrative that they stand in front
of and they can slow roll it the people behind them can be shouting yeah but tell them this tell them
this that was me brat please brat we've just used the word transfection and we're in 2024 and he
still kind of every once in a while uses it some people do but i've been saying since 2020
if you just called it transfection it would it would like enable so many people and spur
spur so many people to think differently and they all didn't do it and i thought because they were
listening or i was on a signal chat with them or that i got an email that they were listening
and they did that to everyone you see there were hundreds of people doing this i'm sure there are
hundreds of people that are not here that we're also doing it because the internet is that way
we don't see everything we see our own little bubble over here and bubble it and these bubbles
were repeated these schemes were repeated they were repeated in every country that they have
internet in i'm sure in every language there were people like this that were representing
both narratives i bet if i moved to the Netherlands and tried hard i could find it within 10 minutes
and those people some of them were waiting participants working for the the globalists or
whatever they're called and some people were just trying to do the right thing and as a result of
the coordinated symphony of liars they got co-opted they got tricked they got
duped into running in a hamster wheel and getting their followers to run in a hamster wheel and
as a result we're now in 2024 and still very few people understand or have heard what Mike Eden has
to say very people few people have heard what Wolfgang Wodach really has to say very few people
have heard what Zev Zilenko had to say or what what Zucred Bakti had to say
but lots and lots of people ladies and gentlemen on youtube there are videos available to find
out what Robert Malone said from August 2000 June 2020 and before heck you can even find a video
of him speaking in front of the who in 2011 already so the real censorship that has occurred
is still occurring the real narrative control is still occurring what you need to become aware of
and savvy with is the idea that the actual control of the narrative still has to progress in order
to release the pressure that builds up behind the dam and where we are right now is that the
pressure is beyond containment we have pushed past their narrative now and we're exposing it for
what it is because now you can see it very clearly if this group of people and the last two videos
make sense to you and the previous three years of work that i've done sorting out this and this
over there and keep coming back to mr sparkle and nick hudson was just on russell brand and did
a pretty good job and i think just by his language and the things that he said you can hear gigo
and biological and everything he said even if he didn't give us a shout out and i wish he would
have but i'm not going to hold him i'm not going to be grudge him that he shouted out jessica which
i'm happy about because i do think new york city is a way for for people that are asleep to go
whoa what is that wait i didn't know it was like that i didn't see those numbers before
and in fact they didn't show us those numbers in 2020 they showed us those numbers now and so it's
again you have to do the work to look backwards if you're not going to willing to look backwards
because of all the noise in the front of the car then you know you're never good you're you missed it
already and that's the point of keeping the gas down they don't want you to see
what you've passed they don't want you to think about that stuff and they definitely don't want
you to think about what these people said in 2020 what these people were doing in 2020 and
they definitely don't want you to think about it too hard because then you will see the contradiction
you will see their lack of principles and you will see that they have never ever questioned the
fate not since the beginning of the pandemic and the only reason why i haven't been consistent
in my message in retrospect is because of how many people tried to get me to
accept what they were thinking and that's what i think happened to you as well
you got a lot of people who have convinced you to accept the way that they think i have done this
by infecting
and so today
today i wanted to do do a little bit i titled it again anti-acadomagic hour and so this is not
really about um viruses or anything like that actually this is about our friend jordan peterson
the genius that said uh he's wearing the masks and he advises everybody to take the shot so we
can get this over with even though he would never coerce anybody to doing it and uh he says let's
not ask any questions for six more months and see how it goes because it's going pretty well it could
have been much worse um this mealy mouth poser uh intellectual dark web founding member
is responsible for millions of people being too confused to exercise informed consent he
decapabilized um the people that listen to him and he's continuing to play that role now
this video is from four months ago where he's interviewing a uh a guy about um ai and imaging
technology the reason why this is cool is because they're gonna basically reveal something um about
training in ai that many people try to gloss over as being significant especially with regard
to the idea of ai working on genetics or working on protein folding or working on any of these
other things um it is absolutely extraordinary what gets revealed in this video it's just
you need a little help probably to see it not all of you will but some people will need a little help
seeing it so um tried to jj i tried to find clips of jordan seeing those things and had no luck
anywhere let me give you a little help with that first um so what i would do first of all is go
like this and go to youtube and then um if we go to my watch history i think it's right here if you
go to this video and didn't say um and i'll just give you this clip in the chat um a lot of those
videos of jordan have been removed um this is a video archived by my friend mark on his channel
um where i work on that that robert malone um in the see this on the on the beach and in the
beginning of this video i actually also dissect what jordan peterson says and i lose my mind a
little bit on that so you can you can check that out so i'm gonna play this video off of youtube
which means um i'm gonna end my youtube stream um so all of the people who are watching on youtube
if you can go to twitch or peer tube or rumble um that would be great uh oh i'm only doing that
because i know what happens when i play from youtube and then stream to it it goes very wrong um so
it's just a lot better if i don't do that um and so thank you very much for joining me it has been
an hour so it's a good time to end the youtube channel um and we're gonna now do things and say
things that i guess youtube won't like although they probably didn't like a lot of things we said
already thanks for joining me um see you again uh next time um so here we are not on youtube anymore
and we are going to play um this jordan peterson video and he's gonna say a bunch of crazy stuff
that i don't remember anymore because this is just one of those things that was in my list but it had
a star by it and it said you can use this whenever you want and and talk about ai so i assume that
that something's going to come to my mind when i play this video for 2024 beginning in early
february and running through june tami and i and assortment of special guests are going to visit
51 cities in the us you can find out more information about this on my website george so why is a
canadian touring the united states because we are under psychological attack by foreign entities
that's what i think foreign and domestic but the domestic people are cooperating with these people
and it is a coordinated effort of extremely skilled liars that have hidden agendas in terms
of what ideas they would like our young people and our adults to think in order to fracture
america's culture and and socio-economic framework they want to fracture our communities that's why
they want us on the internet watching these people and listening to these dumb ideas being
afraid of ai and what's to come and so he's going to say some other stuff here that's going to trigger
me a little bit and i'm going to try not to speak about it and then we're going to go to the interview
because the interview is what i want to talk about from be peterson.com as well as accessing all
relevant ticketing information i'm going to use the tour to walk through some of the ideas i've
been working on my forthcoming book out november 2024 we who wrestle with god we who wrestle with
god see what's happening here are we really supposed to believe that we can learn something
about being a christian from this guy or we're supposed to believe that
just like we're supposed to believe that we can say rosaries with with rustle brand and it and
it's means something so we should join his live rumble stream where he's going to say rosaries
it's a debasement of everything that we find sacred it is an abomination of everything that
previous generations have passed down to us and it is all part of the same fracturing of our culture
and our our intellect and our our egos and the target is really our children ladies and gentlemen
we have to see that or clearly for what it is our children have social media our children
are trying to skillfully use social media and we have to save them
because skillful use of social media puts people like jordan peterson into your brain
and the 33,000 thoughts that should be the garden that you take care of every day
become the weeds that jordan peterson plants there and that joe rogan waters
and that bret wine stein fertilizes that's how this works
and if you're in the other place then you'll have peter hotez seeding your garden and tony
fauci watering it and and someone like that mandy from cdc fertilizing it and whoever you
choose it doesn't matter because they'll all work together to make sure that your garden
flourishes as long as you keep planning their lives they're weeds it's totally fine
but if anybody comes along and says that these are all weeds ladies and gentlemen these are
the wrong questions to ask you disappear you don't get heard from you get fired you get laid off they
change they end your position they give your youtube channel a strike while other people have
tens of thousands of videos tens of thousands of podcast appearances that you would have thought
would have been very problematic seeing as these people were supposedly censored off of linked in
and had to go to gab and telegram to get their message out and in 2024 the youtube servers are
literally packed with with appearances by robert malone
it's one big show ladies and gentlemen and these are the actors and that the idea is to fracture
our conscious understanding of our reality and what governs it and that we take this mythology
and do our best to pass it on to our children that we take this trust in social media and trust
in the system the belief in that the reality on our phone is somewhat related to the real world
that is what we are also passing on to our children at the behest of these people and if we don't
wake up and apologize it's gonna be too late i'm looking forward to this i'm thrilled to be able
to do it again and i'll be pleased to see all of you again soon bye bye you could take any somatic
cell in your body like a muscle a skin cell and you can reprogram it using genetic reprogramming
to and turn it back into an embryonic stem cell yeah so that's that's sort of revert to an earlier
form essentially but we have to figure out and give it the right signals so that you can heal
disease and that's what regenerative medicine the promise of it is really about and so that's
interesting because jordan peterson seems to act like he has no idea how um cell reprogramming occurs
in culture and that's pretty funny because again he's one of these academy dishes that hides
within his own specialty he's some kind of psychoanalyst psychologist and so he knows a lot about
this stuff and he's read a few russian books and so he'll speak very eloquently and vehemently
about certain ideas and he can really do the lobster wrap well but when it comes to expanding
his knowledge let's say in the last four years learning anything about virology learning anything
about immunology or learning anything about genetic technologies like transformation or
transfection never mind the generation of uh pluripotent stem cells
he hasn't bothered to learn anything but has instead done what any academy
magician does and stay within his little tiny expertise and then beg other people to explain
all the other stuff to him i think he's one of the best examples of how even when you leave
academics you can very easily just be an academy magician in different clothing you can just
be pretending to be the opposing side when you're not but that's what they want you to believe
same with bret Weinstein interestingly enough he supposedly had a problem at his at his little
college called evergreen and settled for a half a million dollars in exchange for stepping down
and got to whine about it in front of the senate and that had his very lucrative youtube channel
and all of its income taken away promptly when he put his life on the line and his livelihood
on the line by letting robert malone and steve kirsch join his podcast in june 21
it's the exact same story where we have basically you might say pessimistically a sort of
low rent false messiahs here
and there's a lot of them which you know not to be all biblical and stuff but it
you know if one wanted to say that we have a few false messiahs at the moment it wouldn't be that
far off you might you know it's i think it's a more accurate use of the word false
words false messiah than when people are calling each other nazis nowadays
and once you start to see it like that it starts to become a very dark time in our history
very dark time in our humanity because these people are not not aware of this
and the people that promote them are not not aware of this
you
listen to look at that
i mean what what what kind of crap would i get i mean i know i start giga ohm with a long
startup and all this other stuff but if i started with multiple selfies of myself with a spinning
multicolored background and and uh heighty tidy classical music with that with that impress any
of you or would that just reveal some kind of narcissistic ecomaniac who wasn't trying to
bring you on appreciation of the sacred biology that he humbly submits may be able to see more of
than you but rather you know what i i don't know what to say is it a false messiah or some kind
of false prophet i don't know what this is but it's it's somebody who's thinking a lot about himself
and his image and who he is and what he's gonna bring to the world
and it's not reawakening an understanding that was there before him like i would argue that i'm
doing i'm following in the footsteps of people like like well on the conspiracy side i would say
i'm following in the footsteps of people like mike rupert and tent Ted Gunderson and even Ed Griffith
but i'm the biologist version of them and
all the biologists that came before me that were really just in love with what they they
observed every day those people are all who i descend from and on those shoulders that i stand
and i'm fighting for their legitimate lifetimes work not being thrown out as one big library of
alexandra burned down because a few people lied about biology and public health for 40 years
that's the danger point we are at right now
where the lies and exaggeration is described by peter teal in that video from 2019 that i've
oft played rather than identifying and rooting out and cutting out and and and and zeroing in on
the lies and exaggeration that have been used to mislead us over the last 20 years they just want
to move forward
hello everyone so today i have the opportunity to speak with dr adil khan
adil is a physician that i've worked with he offered tami and i a treatment a couple of different
treatments the treatment for her was particularly successful it helped her deal with chronic
osteoarthritic condition in her forearms and was quite remarkably successful and so that's very
interesting and a d4 deal hello everyone so today i have the opportunity to speak with dr adil khan
adil is a physician that i've worked with he offered tami and i a treatment a couple of different
treatments the treatment for her was particularly successful it helped her deal with chronic
osteoarthritic condition in her forearms and was quite remarkably successful and so that's very
interesting and it deals a young Canadian physician very very sharp character seems to be on the
cutting edge of the expanding field of regenerative medicine which is what would you say it's developing
not precisely in opposition to but in parallel to standard allopathic medicine that's more
symptom based in its approach so the regenerative medical types are attempting to get to the root
cause of chronic health problems and to address them and so there's much advance being made on
that front and so we're going to talk through the potential of these new treatment protocols for
depression chronic pain degenerative diseases like osteoarthritis multiple sclerosis fibromyalgia
and a variety of chronic pain conditions we talk about gene therapy stem cell usage and tissue
engineering so stay tuned if you're concerned about your health and about you know living
living happily and healthily and even just living well thank you for coming in dr khan
um you treated tami and i a while back and so maybe you could start by telling everybody who's
watching and listening what you did and why and then we'll talk a little bit about what you do more
generally and about who you are and the way we'll go yeah so in your wife's case she had a very
common issue which is chronic pain chronic pain is something that the medical industry has
grappled with for years and traditionally they've used cortisone which is an anti-inflammatory drug
they've used narcotics opioids and then if that doesn't work surgery so what we do is we identify
that there's a gap where people don't get better necessarily with just cortisone and therapy and
they don't always want surgery and so this is kind of that gap of patients who are just suffering or
living with chronic pain and taking pain meds as we know oxycontin and so many other pain meds
what they can lead to with addiction and all these risks and so what we do is what's called
regenerative medicine so we use the first reason why i think we should break into this is because
we need to teach our children that when we were young that when we were in college we need to
teach our children this listen carefully doctors did not prescribe opiates
opiates were an absolute last resort doctors were told you don't mess with these things
and now we have two health care professionals with a big umbrella term talking openly about
prescribing opiates as if somehow we've made them better or that they don't permanently screw
people's brains up the circuitry of addiction is pretty well understood and not perfectly but
we sure do know that it is a hard track to turn around on and that once people have that circuitry
and those circuits have been formed they can be reactivated in a it is a very quick very powerful
learning circuit that we don't know all about yet but we sure know enough to know that it ain't
to be effed with and surprisingly we should teach our kids we have known this for a couple decades
and it's only recently like in the last couple years five years maybe ten but five i think
where it has become just kind of like what what's the problem i don't get it
and what you need to teach your children is that pharmaceutical purified or pharmaceutical
optimized opiates are freaking awful if they were just making heroin from poppies and sending
around and treating people with it it would be one thing but they are making things that at
lower doses are as strong or stronger or more enduring or less metabolically available to be
broken down or that their their their their metabolites are are are also active all of these
things are being tried and already rolled out for a long time now being mass produced in China
and then dumped on our streets and these two guys have the job of just kind of talking and
using those words so that skilled tv watchers and skilled social media users start to associate
those words with normal things they're kind of saying it's like wrong that they treat chronic
pain that way but they're not also explicitly saying wow by the time you're treating someone's
chronic pain with opiates you're already just basically screwing them over
and actually we've normalized the use of that incorrect treatment what they're going to just
stop and they're going to go right right to regenerative medicine or something like that and not
identify the acute damage that's being done to our society by this misconception that opiates
can do stuff other than like numb the pain of somebody who was in a car accident a few
minutes ago or somebody who had recently had their leg amputated but I mean we're
it's impressive ladies and gentlemen just like they decided to ventilate a bunch of people
before they were crushed by a car or before their rib cage was destroyed
different types of regenerative molecules whether that's stem cells PRP exosomes which we'll talk
about to repair the tissue back to a previous state so in your wife's case she had what's called
osteoarthritis which is degradation of the joint cartilage loss and you get inflammation and then
she also had some small tears in the tendons around the joints and it bothered her for 10 years
as you know and she couldn't garden and she loves to garden so what we did is we use an ultrasound
as you saw it and we go directly into the tears and into the joint where the inflammation is
to repair the tissue back to a previous state and so that's how it got rid of her chronic
when was the ultrasound for diagnosis diagnostic and intervention and intervention yeah so how does
the ultrasound intervene because it allows us to guide the needle directly into the area of damage
right and how can you see what's damaged because the ultrasound and that's the skill so it's
telling gray from gray yeah yeah and that's the steepest skill set to give you an example
I I treated Mohammed Alabar he's he's the guy who owns the Burj Khalifa and the six tallest
buildings in Dubai so he had a shoulder issue for 15 20 years and he did an MRI MRI was normal
so they just did cortisone they did physio he's looking with chronic pain for 15 years and he's
arguably the most he's the wealthiest man in middle east and he's a very well renowned
businessman so he's access to any doctor in the world right and so he found me and when I flew
down I did an ultrasound and we did and we found some small tears that were missed on MRI and then
we injected him similar to what we did with Tammy and we fixed it but it's the principles the same
which is that sometimes you need to do diagnostic dynamic ultrasound to find the issue and that's
how did you learn to distinguish as you said gray from gray and are the AI image systems getting
good at that we're training we're developing a machine learning neural net to do that okay so
this is the reason why I put this video up because I really want you to understand this from a
practical perspective what AI actually does because these academy justians are not going to tell you
but this video reveals it and if you just can parse out what they say and realize what they're
saying without saying it then you can hear the absolute joke that the idea that the AI or whatever
AI in the future is going to solve the transhuman puzzle of the gen of the human genome and the human
lifetime and human aging and and and all human disease as Kurtweiler said was going to be gone
in 15 years is based on the illusion that they are going to reveal right here what he's talking
about remember let's just recap he fixed some kind of chronic pain in her wrist or in her hands
from what he calls arthritis and what it was was loss of cartilage and damaged
attendants which he can identify using ultrasound and ultrasound of course you may or may not be
aware of you've had a kid can be used to make rudimentary images of what the sound reflects
I'm not going to get into the idea that ultrasound might be terrible or it might be
good or it might be damaging to infants or not I don't I don't want to think about it anymore
because that's over for me and those are the kinds of illusions that we can get to after we get rid
of the vaccine schedule but with regard to what this guy's doing he's now talking about distinguishing
gray from gray and what he means by that is is that it's hard for him to teach somebody how to see
what he sees when he looks at the ultrasound because he has experience he knows what a lot
of healthy tissue looks like and he says that he can see the unhealthy tissue and now he's trying
to teach an AI to be able to see the difference between the healthy and unhealthy tissue I presume
so that he can sell that algorithm and sell equipment which could do the same thing and allow other
people to accomplish what he does with what he says is a skill he can see in the image a difference
and he uses that to decide where to inject I guess the cortisone or whatever that causes the
inflammation to go down and the tissue to be able to repair itself so if this doesn't make any
sense please put your questions in the chat because this is important because now if they're going
to talk about how it is that they go about getting an AI to be able to do what this apparently
you know very genius doctor is able to do it in fact did for Jordan Peterson and that's what has
spurred Jordan Pissern to promote him on his on his podcast episode 409 but that hasn't been
developed yet that's actually something we're doing because we're kind of set the standard for it
because my mentor Dr. Anthony Galia he was the first one in the world to do this stuff he did it
for Tiger Woods Alex Rodriguez a lot of A-list athletes so here's the one who taught me all this
see so the title on the bottom here is using AI to combat MS and other autoimmune diseases so
that's why I think it's really important this title is all about using AI in medicine and I'm
gonna hopefully use this to reveal exactly why using AI in medicine is has potential but it's very
limited potential and it's that limited potential that is being confounded with the stuff that all
these people on other stages say is only 10 years away like the curing of all diseases or the
uploading of your consciousness and all this other stuff and the limits to AI are that they
are just machines and just programming and if you let people use them against you then they'll be
able to control your behavior with them that's true but it's not because they're magic it's not
because they're gonna become conscious and then your laptop is going to transform into a small
robot that kills you on the spot but if we allow other men to use these these algorithms against
our children then our children will be enslaved by them if we allow other people to use algorithms
on our children then our children will be enslaved by them because they will adopt the mythology
that the algorithms force on them and that's not special that's not magic that's just how programming
works and that's how using social media under the pretense that you can use it to see the world
effectively that is skilled social media use that's fooling yourself into believing that these
things are not actively working against you and they are and so this discussion now remember a circle
back is going to be about how to train an AI to do what he does which is use ultrasound to find
injured tendons and to identify parts of tissue that are healthy versus tissue that's not healthy
now one interesting thing here that's starting to feel like Theranos the more that I talk about
it is that if he can't see the difference and pointed out to another human then how in the world
is he going to be able to do it with an AI wouldn't you first have to have some evidence that you
can train another human to do it before you would try to program something to do it unless your
whole idea was to create the illusion that a program can do it I am starting to think weirdly
about this because I'm a microscopist I have taught people how to use differential interference
contrast to create the illusion of three dimensions in a microscope image so that you can accurately
position a microscopic tip of a borosilicate glass electrode next to a neuron and then use air
pressure to control when you actually come in contact with it and that training of someone how to
set up the optics of a fifty thousand dollar microscope and then tune them in such a way so
that you can accurately see depth and a depth of field in a very narrow depth of field
is a very niche skill set but inside of that niche skill set is this skill of teaching someone
to see in a black and white image and then teaching them how to optimize the information in that
image that you want to have available and so ultrasound is no different in that sense although
it is an electronic image created by sound optimizing the contrast and the signal inside of that image
and then being able to teach someone to see it has to be the foundation of of the art
and he in this video is going to explain to Carl Carl Peterson um Jordan Peterson
how that might work I actually used to work with somebody named Carl Peterson that's
why I came up and he was the one who pioneered this field so I learned from him and I was
fortunate because I got to learn from the best and because of that I was able to kind of take
it and translate it into my own patience how much exposure to image data did you have to
undertake in order to start to be able to distinguish thousands of hours thousands of yes it's not
it's the learning curve is so steep yeah right and we have ultrasoundographers as if you remember
I brought her with me at the time who are specially trained by us and they're the ones who actually
guide us because there's so much nuance between telling what's a tear and what's not a tear
that you really need a specialist and unfortunately yeah and a really trained specialist who actually
knows what they're doing I know there's huge difference in radiologists for example in their
diagnostic accuracy I know on the AI front that they're they have trained AI systems now from
what I understand to be able to be pretty good at distinguishing like lung cancer disease for
example yeah they're pretty good at x-ray and cancer but musculoskeletal is still a big gap
and so that's what we're developing because that's our specialty is we're going to develop a machine
learning neural net using what's called supervised and reinforcement learning to teach the machine
learning algorithm to detect what's a tear and what's not a tear and then guide the physician on how
to do it so that's kind of how we're going to scale what we're doing and how how do you get the
data set set up properly because you need to training if you're going to reinforce the proper
response you have to be sure that the material that you're training the machine on is actually
accurate exactly so how do you solve that problem because we have a brilliant radiologist on our
team who's going to be training the AI on what's not a tear and what's a tear and then you have
normal you have to first get this more than one radiologist and no we're just going to use the
one who's specially trained by us who does our MSK interventions and diagnostics and she's she's
obviously exceptional at what she does and she can train the AI to say but the AI needs thousands
of normal before it can recognize abnormal right and that's that's the data sets that you have
to build into at first and then she has to train it over time to say hey this is a tear and this
is not a tear and then eventually it learns right now what I want you to do is just think for a
second about how this process could possibly translate to something inherently more complex
than an image because now there's a couple problems that he's got to solve he's got to optimize the
contrast and information contained in the image that could be changing some physical aspects of
the sonogram machine it could be changed some aspects of the microphones that listen to the echo
or the generator that generates the sound or the frequency spectrum that's used any of those things
could contribute to optimizing the information that's available in the image but then in the end
there's a human that's going to lose a mouse or you click on or or an otherwise denote what the AI
is supposed to see as a pattern deviation and then many many iterations of identifying or pointing
out or or signifying a pattern deviation is going to set up a pattern of difference that he thinks
that this machine learning is going to be able to say oh yeah that one is or isn't a tear
and now what are we talking about we're talking about a very small uniform as possible set of images
of one kind of tissue taken at a very specific set of contrasts and settings using very specific
frequencies and frequencies of echo and controlling all those variables as much as possible and then
having a human say this is this isn't this is this isn't and at the end of thousands and thousands
of reiterations of normal and healthy and and diseased and and injured tissue
they are going to have an AI that can approximate what this highly skilled technician can do and
probably will still make some errors and will probably still require the very highly skilled
technician or one like her to verify what the AI says and doesn't say as tears verify that nothing
was missed now why is this something that i want to talk about because they want to take AI and
they are telling you that AI if they fed it enough genomes if they fed it enough medical data
that they could do all kinds of things with AI that AI could solve the problem of understanding
how our genome results in us how our immune system fights disease how aging occurs and reverse it
who's going to be the technician that's sitting at the desk going yep that's normal no that's
that's abnormal no that's normal and how many of how many how long will the list be
for the genome as we teach the AI what's normal and what isn't what is the gene and the and the
phenotype and what isn't what's the result they're still going to have to be a person that's going to
apparently key that in it's not like you can just put all the DNA into the machine and then shake it
and then answers will come out
that's what the illusion of a large large language model is as well you just assume that it's that
it's something very special and it's that you know kind of like gate of function viruses we can't
really explain how it is that they can go around the earth but boy can they we can't even really
explain how AI has solved the language problem but it sure has no it hasn't there was never a language
problem it's just it's just throwing a lot of computing power at something and getting right
most of the time is not impressive language was always a trick or at least capable of being used
that way and all of these people are aware of it and so this illusion is part of the greater illusion
that AI can solve some giant problems that have to do with what I would call the irreducible
complexity of our sacred biology you know the reason why all of us have to to admit that we
we we we have a creator we have something divine in us and there is something divine all around us
that is never going to be distilled down to a combination of machines is never going to be
distilled down to a combination of instructions it's always going to be irreducibly complex and
it's always going to result in a reverence for what we don't know and these people are in the
business of undermining that reverence for ourselves and for our world for the food that we eat for
the for the beauty that our children represent that's what transhumanism is about that's what
all of these ideas are about and that's why all of these people push them and if they don't push
them they oppose them in an ineffective and limited sort of way and that's what this is about this
he probably doesn't understand the significance of what he's being told and doesn't understand
the significance of what he's talking about because he does think that this is just the the tip of
the iceberg of what AI can do fully aware of the fact that he just got told that you still need
a skilled technician and the skilled technicians got to spend thousands and thousands of hours in
the skilled technician will still be necessary to verify it and then in the end we haven't really
solved any problem other than made it easier for us to not teach anybody the skill but instead sell
them the skill think about how malevolently capitalist and and futurist it is for him to give
this talk and at the same time started out with i've got a new book about god
it's awful and that's why i think it's an important sunday program to see that there are
academy dishes outside of the academy who are pushing the same lies and the pushing the same
irreverence for the sacred and this is definitely one of them and even as he disguises himself as
someone who's reawakened to the sacred i say no
right right right and what did you inject tami with so we use something called exosomes so
the way i explain exosomes imagine if you hear that i swear i swear i did not know it i swear i
did not know this i guess i must have known it because i wouldn't have put it in the oh my gosh
why did i put it in the list notes then he said exosomes oh my gosh he said exosomes and then she
has to train it over time to say hey this is a tear and this is not a tear and then eventually
it learns right right right and what did you inject tami with so we use something called exosomes
so the way i explain exosomes imagine if you're if you're going so let's talk about stem cells first
to explain exosomes so most people have an intuitive concept of stem cells they understand
that they rebuild tissue or they repair tissue so they can come from umbilical cord they can come
from fat they can come from the bone marrow they can come from amniotic fluid there's so
many different sources where we can get them we use something specifically called mesenchymal
stem cells which is just an embryological term mesenchymal holy shit really mesenchymal stem cells
christmas what a monkey to explain their origin of where they're being derived from and so and the
reason we use mesenchymal is because they're easy to access mesenchymal for example the most
easiest place to access is after birth right then you take the umbilical cord tissue or you take
the amniotic fluid and you can isolate the mesenchymal stem cells or stromal cells is technically the
right word but anyway most people call stem cells but mscs for short and so what you do is there's
lots of people who argue that the placenta and the cord should be left attached to the baby because
a lot of those stem cells are still making their way into the baby after birth and so there's lots
of people that say that if you cut that cord very early you're actually robbing the baby of a lot
of it's a lot of valuable stuff and so that that's an interesting um a very interesting idea that I
almost have to believe is true because if you think about how natural birth would normally go
if you were on a camp uh or you know you were out camping with your wife and she had the baby then
you wouldn't just yank the placenta off or cut it off or pinch it off um the impetus might be to
leave it there for a while um and so uh it's a very curious um aspect of our birthing practices that
in retrospect after having three kids I can I can roll my eyes at how dumb I was um as a biologist
to have gone through three childbirths and having waited until 2024 to have someone put in front of
me the idea that hey maybe we shouldn't clip the cord or pinch the cord or whatever we do um you
know five minutes after the baby comes out and maybe we should ask a question as to uh whether
that's a good idea I can't believe I was so stupid to have had three children to watch my
beautiful wife give birth three times and never thought hey wait a minute why are we clipping that
right now at least I had the wherewithal to go holy shit what are you injecting into my daughter
after not seeing it done in Norway and it still took me a year and a half to wake up to realize
how bad that single signal was what that really meant about the American vaccine schedule
so I don't blame anyone for not getting it I blame these people I blame Jordan Peterson I
blame Brett Weinstein I blame all of these people who have been slow rolling us to the truth that
public health is a lie that RNA can't pandemic and that intramuscular injection of any combination
of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb but exosomes are real
and we can use them to do all kinds of things you isolate those and then you can grow them in a
lab for three to four why are they an umbilical cord tissue why yeah because there's a is there
just a rich source of repair and regeneration uh of them is like the most stem cells from that so
meaning the umbilical cord tissue is just rich in MSCs so why are they rich in MSCs
well I read that the babies actually send stem cells into their mother's body to help the
mother repair her own tissue right yeah there is a mechanism built in so I think a lot of it
is probably that cross talk between the placenta and mother right so very good suits i didn't see
that you did that i apologize too right so and you have stem cells out to you man fat and they're
basically cells that are undifferentiated in my list so there's different types it's also
possible that I saw it and that's why it was in my list so if it is shout out to you man you've
been a really big um help and more importantly what I like about suth spider is that suth spider he
or she has never really tried to tell me what to do or suggest anything um has just made clips and
translations and subtitles and posted copies of my videos and so humble thanks man because there
are few people who have put the amount of energy into my work that you have i mean other people
have but uh the reason why i'm pretty convinced that you must be a decent dude is because you've
never really tried to push any particular thing on me um and uh I really appreciate that a lot so
thanks for all you do right so I believe and the cool thing is your body has stem cells too right
so and you have stem cells in your bone marrow and in your fat and they're basically cells that
are undifferentiated that can turn into any tissue so there's different types of stem cells if you
have embryonic stem cells which is from the fetus then they can turn to any type of tissue but as
you know embryonic stem cells during the bush era and everything that is controversial right yeah
and the reason for that was because they were saying are we going to be harming fetuses obviously
that becomes ethical issues and so no one that never really took off but luckily we figured out
hey wait a minute we have something that's there are lots of people that argue that that plan
parenthood has been selling uh selling tissue for years and I'm sure they're right um somebody
like Vincent Rancin yellow every year that he teaches virology brags about foreskin being a common
source of cell culture material seemingly to make light and normalize the cutting of the foreskin
of newborn babies in America because that's when they do it it's not foreskin that's taken from
Jewish kids when they're 14 years old this is foreskin that's taken from newborn baby males
and sometimes they take all of it not just you know the tip like they might in Islam or in in
Judaism complete removal of the foreskin not to give you too much details about anything but I
lived in a northern Wisconsin high school where it was normal I don't know if my kids do it anymore
but it was very normal for us to all shower together after gym and certainly we all showered together
after basketball and after whatever and at a huge majority of males of my age in northern
Wisconsin were fully circumcised not not even kind of but fully circumcised with essentially
no foreskin at all and you have cellular physiologists who are totally fine with their their cell
cultures being derived from them no no it could be just as as bad as as being derived from the
nervous tissue of of of clitoris is cutting off of of females why not
and so the amount of contradiction that is contained inside of the public health lie the
public health mythology machine is extraordinary and none of these people seem to be fully aware
of the the cognitive dissonance and contradiction that they engage in on a regular basis as they
talk about the stuff they do with the obvious naivety that they talk with it talk with it it's
just it's awful it makes stem cells which is from the fetus then they can turn to any type of tissue
but as you know embryonic stem cells during the bush era and everything that is controversial
right yeah and the reason for that was because they were saying are we going to be harming
fetuses yeah obviously that becomes ethical issues and so no one that never really took off
but luckily we figured out hey wait a minute we have something that's almost as good as embryonic
stem cells not as good but it's called pluripotent meaning it has ability to turn into many different
types of tissue but not every but not i see so they're slightly farther down the developmental
chain it's not toti potent it's pluripotent and so those pluripotent stem cells mesenchymal stem
cells are pretty ubiquitous you can get they can get them from dental pulp you can get them for fat
uh umbilical uh umbilical care they talk about bone marrow there's a lot of different sources
and so they're easier so if you're cheap you can get it from discarded tissue if you have the money
though and i highly recommend you go this route you can get it from fetuses and from aborted
fetuses and even from placenta and these kinds of places which are considered a little lame
because you know you might be damaging fetuses to get this stuff and that would be awful
but we can still have an abortion industry and we can still have a basically a black market for
this stuff where where if there's enough money on the table everybody will agree to lie about it
of course they will and so there's there's pluripotent and totipotent and so if you're
you're really really rich you'll get the totipotent and if you're you know just trying to to to be a
normal doctor i guess you get the pluripotent stem here to harvest and easier to source and
because of that accessibility that's where the research really took off in the last 10 to 15
years is with the mscs so are there variants of cells like is it a continual variant from the
cells that are omnipotent did you say the ones that totipotent yeah totipotent that can turn
into anything and then there's the ones that are what was the next level very potent yeah sorry
potent and think about the concept that this guy purports to be some kind of polymath
and and psychologist and and totem of wisdom but is still needing to be
told about these biological terms and he's a little slow this isn't for him this is for you
this is all an act to make sure that you absorb the biological nonsense that's on here and absorb
the information that they're trying to get you to absorb which is that ai is eventually going to
take over the medical world or something i guess the do the totipotent cells turn into the pluripotent
cells is that is that the developmental sequence and then into specific yeah exactly yeah and that's
kind of how it can differentiate down the line and so what's the difference between a stem cell
and a cancer cell so a cancer cell has some similar properties because it can essentially it loses
a signal or in a sense it gets kind of hijacked and it loses the ability to stop killing itself so
meaning it it stops apoptosis so it keeps replicating right and it has an infinite amount it can keep
going right so right and it in some differentiated to some degree right and that's why there's actually
something called cancer stem cells and so if we can target cancer stem cells and stop that process
so there's a that's an active area of research oh whether or not there are cancer stem cells
isn't an area of research so again this is adding to the immunomythology as soon as you
you falsify a null hypothesis about cancer stem cells and write a paper with the title cancer stem
cells and the abstract that says cancer stem cells may be the source of cancer now you have a whole
new field and you have this little pigeonhole that you can develop a lab in and you can write
grant applications on and even if you never find cancer stem cells we can waste 10 years of
research on it and all the while the presuppositions that cancer is caused by something other than
toxins that we get or or oh do you see it and the academy justians are not going to show you the
weakness of this strategy they're not even going to admit that the strategy is that that they are
preparing reiterative falsification of a null hypothesis around the existence of stem cells
to cancer will create the illusion that stem cells and cancer are a proven phenomenon
and that's what he means by this is currently an area of research
do you see how it's going to be almost impossible for me not to turn on the stream every day because
I'm standing under a veritable Niagara Falls of of paparian science that has been
foisted on us as knowledge and then the mythology that has been constructed using these false timbers
it's like being in a really bad game of of of Fortnite or Minecraft with somebody who's in
creative mode and you're not and so we've really got to respond in a very succinct
and focused way so that these big narratives of AI and what it can and can't do can be stopped
and more importantly can be accurately understood by our young people and we need to get rid of
the narratives of worst case scenario with regard to immunological threats and worst case scenario
with regard to medical threats and worst case scenario with regard to public health
and we've got to enable our children to be able to see through this stuff by teaching them the
biology that debunks it by showing them where the border between understanding and irreducible
complexity is so that they can see it for the beauty of what it is so that they can see the edge
of our understanding of cellular function more like another angle on Yosemite
so that they can see the borders of what we understand of how the brain is related to
consciousness as the as the um the image that we get from a high-powered telescope
that it's beautiful that it it's beyond our understanding at some point and that's what we
have done with biology if we have done it faithfully we have used our study to try and
describe and bring people to appreciate the irreducible complexity of biology and the
sacredness of who we are and have reverence for it and instead over the last 20 or 30 years
universities and academy justians have wittingly and unwittingly participated in the abomination
of that sacredness and the the irreverence to it and propagated this idea that that science is
a form of irreverence that science is the opposite of the appreciation of the irreducible complexity
when it is exactly and at least it used to be science used to be the pursuit of appreciation of
creation to show people exactly how wonderful creation is and why we should be in awe of it
and here we are a couple generations later where this adult and that adult seem to have no reverence
for the sacred biology at all they don't even seem to be aware it's there even as they talk
about the limitations of their purported methodologies that have dismissed it
so they're not all stem cells are good right because people think right and that's the problem
with stem cells on differentiated tissue in the wrong place could be read exactly and lead to
tumor and that's actually the problem with embryonic stem cells too they're too strong they have
too much stemness meaning they can keep replicating and grow into tumors right right whereas mesenchymal
stem cells they can they have a finite ability to differ to grow so they don't keep growing
which is why they're safe and so oh okay so when we grow them which is why they're safe okay so
I mean we understand there's a difference between these two generated sources of cells in terms of
how they behave in certain experimental contexts and then we're going to suddenly jump to we understand
you see that's how academicians fool themselves and everybody that listens to them and everybody
that funds their grants mesenchymal stem cells the suit that they grow in so imagine the
how do you say that mesenchymal how do you spell it m-e-s-e-n-c-h-y-m-a-l
yeah well and it's going to take me a while we get that right yeah i know it's an embryological
term so yeah just call them mse's mse's yeah so okay y'all do this so mse's when they're grown
to imagine the mse's are the chicken it's pot it's possible that and oh he said he was in isn't he
i don't know where he is is he in Canada now is this guy Canadian can you tell by his accent
meat and the soup the broth is the exosomes so the broth has all these nutrients and cytokines in
there but there's no actual stem cells and why is that important because those exosomes can send
all the signals which are the proteins the cytokines and growth factors to reduce inflammation and
repair tissue without the sounds kind of like how they make viruses
except now we're talking about stem cells and they just grow stem cells and then they
take the medium off so stem cells are just emitting exosomes all the time are you suggesting that
our tissues might broadcast RNA and DNA based signals and lipoprotein coats a little bit like
packet communication in in in computers really and so there's no chance that this
signaling regime might be confused misconstrued or even lied about as being exclusively the
providence of obligate pathogens outside of ourselves and and bioterrorism or bioweapons
is it really possible that after four years and not knowing anything at the beginning of the
pandemic the Jordan Peterson hasn't done the requisite reading to think about any of this biology and
depth i think it's very possible that he hasn't because his success depends on it because he has
been instructed what he should talk about he's been instructed who she should amplify and he's told
when he is going down the wrong path maybe even he gets sent to Russia when he goes down the wrong
path i have no idea what's going on here i know i have no idea how who's in control or who influences
who who sits at what table i've only got one picture of joe rogan and wine stein and and
chapero and rubin and preeterson sitting at the same table before the intellectual dark web is created
and i've only got a few press photos of the intellectual dark web and who it is composed of
originally the risk of having cells which sometimes can not survive or can cause reactions to certain
people so that's what you don't tell me because that's that's that encouraging but he told you
right that he was descended from another teacher so this is a very typical apprentice who knows
just enough to make the welds that he was taught to make by his welding teacher but doesn't understand
why those welds are better than other welds or why he doesn't understand what other welds have
been tried he doesn't understand um how how arc welding that he does is different from from
from what is it gas welding is the other kind of welding or or or you know i don't take welding
i don't know so for me i think i see what a lot of these these people in the chat see you just see
a very young doctor young doctors are trained to be this way to be confident what they know
to be confident in the structure of decision tree that they're involved in and to be confident
in the regurgitated details that justify or edify their understanding of the reality that they
participated and so he's able to say mesenchymal and he's able to say that there's a difference
between toty potent and pluripotent because someone else told him that and that he's read a
couple people's explanation of it and that he's gotten good at putting it in his own words kind of
but it's not an understanding based on experiments that he's done
it's not based on and even though i'm sure that he's helped people by injecting these exosomes
i'm sure that this kind of therapy works i'm sure there's probably lots of biological reasons
why it would work but what it suggests is a bigger picture where exosomal communication
interests cellular communication between tissues between immune system elements between nervous
system elements between any elements of our multicellular pattern integrity that is our body
is probably ubiquitous probably normal in the healthy state and yet virology
needs to exist in the context and understand this very clearly virology and RNA virology in
particular needs to exist in a context where exosome and exosomal communication using self-replicating
RNAs is non-existence virology needs to exist in a world where retroviruses are foreign
and cause cancer where retroviruses are foreign and cause AIDS and other autoimmune syndromes
where retrovir sorry coronaviruses are foreign and cause all kinds of at all viruses are foreign
that's the reason why they need the word virus because if they said that there's a mixture of
signals that come from bacteria and fungi and plants and mammals and insects and they're all
we're all swimming in this hot background of RNA and DNA that's very hard to pull
signals out of because most of the meaningful signals are not only ignored by our immune system
tolerated by our immune system maybe even produced by our immune system instead they've sold us a
dumb simple story about all of this being outside of our own biology we just do DNA to RNA to protein
that's it we don't copy any other RNA we don't use RNA to signal between cells we would never
send self-replicating RNAs through our system to communicate between things never mind retroviruses
between immune system elements or other temporal sorry other tissue elements of the body to another
no way that would be crazy that's all the purview of the the Baltimore classification system of viruses
and the crazy thing is is that these two guys are so unsophisticated and so unwitting in their
participation in the sustaining of this mythology that in teaching Jordan Peterson about the existence
and the usefulness of exosomes derived from stem cells neither of these two supergeniuses can
get to the realization that holy shit does this mean that this biology might be present in other
places that we might have confounded other things with this biology that we might be making mistakes
in assuming that this biology isn't a part of our immune system or digestive system or nervous system
of course they won't use the cells that are already there to to what to to repair themselves
what exactly this goes it's a signal it's a signal that sets your body okay start repairing this
tissue so it sends signals to your endogenous cells so does it tell your does it essentially
signal to the body that something's wrong it's a sense to the bodies to start healing and
regenerative pathways right well i know that for example correct me if i'm wrong but part of the
funny thing is is that is he is he going to tell you what's in those exosomes or is it just
whatever the stem cells are making do the stem cells make different things depending on what you
feed them or how you treat them does it matter what medium you grow them on or what antibiotic you
use or what temperature they grow at or what density they're plated at you see the problem
with being an academic biologist with 20 years of experience cell culturing and
transfecting cell cultures and making recordings from dissociated ion channels and single ion
channel patches and you know outside out patches with with with giant conductances
none of these mythologies stand the scrutiny that something like biophysics has with withstood
none of the challenges to biophysics have ever been posed to virology none of the potential
experiments that could be done with the latest gene and sequencing technologies have been applied
to virology at all they've been applied to infectious clones and they find out that virology remains
in illusion and so after four years after all this available available data after him being a
internationally famous polymath he still needs to be taught the difference between tote potent
and pluripotent stem cells has never heard the word mesenchymal before and is still not really
inquisitive enough to say what's in these exosomes are they all pure is it a is it a bouquet of stuff
that you need to characterize and and are you going to patent any parts of this stuff
like none of these questions seem to come to mind because this guy's explanation is just so rock
solid the reason that your face skin doesn't repair itself when it wrinkles is because your body
doesn't actually note that the damage has occurred and i know that some of the therapies that regenerate
skin like intense pulse light produce enough damage so that damage is now signaled right your
body has to figure out so the cross linking that occurs as a consequence of sun damage is so
subtle that it can accumulate across time there's no indication of damage and so the exosome
signal to the body that something needs to be fixed exactly i was given viva fries phone number
and i've messaged him twice and i haven't gotten through to viva fry so there was even a video that
somebody posted in our our giga ohm soapbox where viva fry seemed to respond to the chat
and say we should get jay jay kuhi on the show and he seemed to say that he was going to do it but
somebody sent him my sent me his number and i've already sent him my number and a text and i haven't
heard from him so maybe someone else can ping him or you guys can try to try to get that going in
and that's what this really is all about and especially the first generation of stem cells
we'll talk about second generation but first generation of stem cells is really about parent
cream signaling which is basically signaling to the local tissue hey there's something wrong here
start fixing it and that's that's really what it is and so exosomes in the case of tanny's case
they were they sent a signal to reduce inflammation and then they sent growth factors to help repair
and regenerate the tear so and then you can actually see if you do the follow-up ultrasound which we do
all the time that the tissue is actually repaired and regenerated can you do that system so exosomes
derived from stem cells and he got this idea from a a mentor and now we're supposed to just say
wow what great biology but we're supposed to be naive enough to not make the bridge and see that
he is in approach approaching the sacred biology the edge of the sacred biology here
is it time yeah you should bring them and i'll pick them up then if that's okay with them okay
i won't be that much longer but i want to finish chemically yeah exactly so intravenous stem cells
or intravenous exosomes are being used a lot for a variety of neurodegenerative conditions
autoimmune conditions chronic pain chronic inflammation there's so many different
things they're being done for there's a recent trial done for inflammatory bowel disease which is
a really terrible condition yeah and right now only really medications are like methotrexate
or immunosuppressants carnivore diet yeah carnivore diet it does work actually yeah yeah
but not everyone's going to stick to it yeah it's a hard diet and a lot of doctors don't really
know about it so they're not going to recommend it to their patients yeah so patients have to
self-educate right yeah and so instead of just suppressing your immune system what the intravenous
stem cells do is they do what's called immunomodulation so they actually reset or repair your immune
system from a pro-inflammatory state to an anti-inflammatory and is that the is that the exosomes or the
stem cells per se it's more the stem cells so stem cells have a strong immunomodulatory effect
exosomes don't have a strong immunomodulation so that's why you have to do intravenous stem cells
if you want to treat something systemic autoimmune conditions and and just trials that were patients
have actually gone into remission and that's incredible to see because yeah you you treated MS
now not to say that it won't work but please understand that if this does work it's not because
they understand how it works they just tell you a story or draw a cartoon about how they think it
might work and then they ask for grant money to study it and then they'll build a a scaffolding
model that seems to comport with the observations that they made in the past and build this illusion
of understanding that will try as hard as possible never to acknowledge where the sacred irreducible
complexity that they're bumping up against is and what parts of it that they can see they don't
want you to see that they don't want you to know that they don't understand what they're doing
they just want you to think that another discovery has been made and Jordan Peterson is happy to accept
that because he's never bothered to get sophisticated enough in his understanding
of where the sacred biology is and where the the irreducible complexity in biology exists
and so that means that he's not under any any impetus or any any moral obligation to share it with you
we have but MS is much more tricky because it's not just there is an autoimmune component to it
but then there's also there's a lot of other components to it with and that's where it becomes
you have to take a holistic approach why don't just say that we don't understand how muscular
I mean multiple sclerosis works in total and so it's a more complex thing to attack why not just
say that we don't know how to usefully augment a maladaptive immune system state like uh
must multiple sclerosis it's still out of our the realm of our understanding and purview so
the way we're going to treat MS which we're working on is we're going to have the second
generation of stem cells so what that means is instead of just using umbilical core stem cells
we create what are called gene edited stem cells so we can actually take so this is this is what
professor Yamunaka in Japan he won a Nobel Prize in 2014 for what's called
discovery of play induced pluripotent stem cells IPSCs so what he discovered was that you could
take any somatic cell in your body like a muscle a skin cell and you can reprogram it using genetic
reprogramming to and turn it back into an embryonic stem cell yeah so that's that's sort of revert
to an earlier form essentially so I like to call it the Yamunaka stem cell and basically
it's a pretty crazy discovery if you think about it the fact that you can your body has this almost
innate ability to go back to like a infant state and but you just have to over your body no you
can do it in cells you can do it in culture we've done it with neurons it's kind of cool
but it doesn't make them into a therapeutic tool it doesn't mean that we understand the
the potential negative consequences of these these genes being reactivated or these cells being
induced to uh de-differentiate if that's what indeed they're doing express certain transcription
factors to do that and so that discovery was pretty incredible you know the immune system does that
too is that when it's when it's mutating when it's adapting to the presence of a new virus or a
bacteria it'll produce more and more accurate gripping mechanisms right at the cellular level
he's talking about antibodies of course more and more accurate gripping mechanisms at the
cellular level as antibodies look at this look at this i thought he didn't know anything it
have any special insight but it stores representations of the ones that were
part of the developmental sequence so can imagine that that um uh an immune cell was trying to get
purchase on a bacteria it'll sort of go like this first right it's it's not doing it very well but
it'll stick a bit and then those what sticks a bit varies and then it'll stick a bit better
and then that'll vary and then it'll stick a bit better like that well then it's the thing
mutates this grip might not work but this one might and so that the information is still stored and
if this one doesn't work well this one might so it stores that that developmental so there's more
early variability and less fine accuracy that that's that that is just the worst
explanation of immune memory that i've ever heard it is not based in anything remotely
observed um and that that cartoon of his hands that he did that little hand puppet show was
is just god awful and totally dead on balls narrative for trying to be dumb simple or stupid
complicated to bamboozle our kids that's not all you need to know in order to understand why
vaccine schedule in america is criminally negligent why transfection in healthy humans is criminally
negligent why intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of
augmenting the immune system is dumb there's a trade-off right between it sounds like the same
thing is happening with the with the stem cells is that they'll differentiate into their final
form which is specialized but that the possibility for earlier forms with more potential is reserved
exactly yeah you know the same thing seems to happen with regards to junk DNA so had a friend
tell me for example if you breed fruit flies and you breed them so that they don't have eyes you
can do that you can alter them genetically so they don't have eyes and then you take the blind fruit
flies and you let them breed amongst themselves for seven or eight generations the eyes will
come back because the the genome takes information out of the junk DNA and rebuilds the eyes and so
even in the DNA itself there seems to be additional information stored so that the system can revert
to an earlier stage of development and then progress forward again it's it's just unbelievable that
somebody who says that he doesn't understand anything can talk so confidently about shit he
doesn't understand because someone told him that's the worst level of understand i mean it's just
awful um it's it's hard to express how disappointing it is to to understand the the scope of the reach
that this guy has um and the amount of amplification that this guy has has been given
um with the sheer uselessness of the ideas that he he shares with the world it's the opposite of
wisdom and knowledge um it is de-capacitating everybody that listens to him and it's it's really
impressive so and that's that's really what i believe is you have 3.2 trillion cells or so in
your body and i believe they're working for you but we have to figure out and give it the right
signals so that you can heal disease and that's okay so he probably agrees then that intramuscular
injection of any combination of substances the intent of augmenting the immune system is pretty
dumb if the body already has an eight ways of healing itself then we definitely don't understand
how to activate or augment that with checking combination of substances intramuscularly right
and yet somehow or another he's not there as a doctor not there as a physician not there as a
guy interested in health he's dedicated his whole life to it but can't get there
that's what regenerative medicine the promise of it is really about which is that we can use
customized cell and gene therapy to restore your body back to a previous state and that's the
era we're finally in it's the finally in the era of personalized medicine genetically altered stem
cells that they can cure diseases with or alter you or experiment on no we're not there yet we're
there at the stage where they're ready to experiment with this stuff and they need to experiment on
you because doing pluripotent stem cells or induced
IPSCs in in mice is never going to teach us how to do it in people doing it in monkeys isn't
going to teach us what what happens in people because the chorus the symphony of genes and their
regulation symphony of proteins and the symphony of the immune system is unique
and so we are indeed entering the era where we're not going to test and learn from animals anymore
they want your children ladies and gentlemen they want your children and the reason why they have
been so adamant is because they want your children so that and they don't want you to be able to
exercise informed consent over this change and so you can't understand the truth or you
would be able to say no saying no being a very important part of informed consent and the exercise
of it you may not be aware but I gave a three-minute comment live to the FDA in 2022 smoked them on
the idea that the principle of informed consent has been ignored for the duration of the pandemic
and it's been done by the conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions
of the masses by a group of people that have agreed wittingly or unwittingly have agreed that a novel
virus caused excess deaths and that one good way to understand what happened would be to investigate
whether it was a badcave virus or gain a function leak and how that cartoon story and the solving
of the mystery by us has gone from being kind of a an insider's joke played on us to the nightly
news to the main understanding across all red white blue labor conservative doesn't matter
everybody thinks this what's happened everybody thinks that Fauci and NIH and Peter Dasek did it
covered it up maybe the Chinese are also covering it up who knows now we have to deal with the
profiteering of of people that have taken advantage of the crisis and the poor response to it and
in solving that mystery you've accepted the existence of a virus you've accepted the existence of a
novel virus for which we were all vulnerable and the explanation that it killed a lot of people
and that's what got us rushed into transfection and I am arguing that all of these people the
no-virus people the intellectual dark web the people on tv from the nih and the people on
the flcc and the af and the american front line doctors there are actors in every one of these
groups and every one of these facets of our cage that are consistently agreeing to ignore
or lie about or admit that or omit that fear uncertainty and doubt and confusion do not
resuscitate orders over use of pulse oximeters in pure high flow oxygen the over use of ventilators
and lack of antibiotic use poor use of steroids the use of remdesivir and medazalam opioid deaths
being allowed to ramp up death certificate frauds being encouraged by financial incentives
and legal incentives to declare covid so that malpractice was impossible tracking trace masks
closures mandates PCR fraud lateral flow test fraud and sequencing fraud could be used to sustain
the illusion of a pandemic that's just based on a background signal and non-specific tests
and all of these people have collectively agreed to make sure that we pass on this mythology to our
children that none of this shit matters because there was a novel virus and we were all vulnerable
and it's still going and care-funded both says it may be trouble for the vaccinated people in the
future and it has nothing to do with the transfection it has to do with the mutating virus
and the last two days I've spent very succinctly I think over the course of several hours demonstrating
why the position of no virus and its curation by the focus on isolation purification and
viral culture experiments and never being able to get out of that hamster wheel to expand to the
fact and say that in order to sustain the lie of virology they have consciously ignored all of
these sources of death to murder people they've never been able to get there in fact they've
insisted that any conversation that they have with someone outside of their circle is not
addressing any of this stuff but instead focuses exclusively on proving or disproving the culturing
of viruses the isolation of viruses and the purification of viruses and that is how they were just as
bad as the people on television and just as bad as the people on social media just as bad as the
people in the green here not the green square but the green circles that have been going around the
world telling us that a lab leak virus killed millions of people but millions more were saved
by an imperfect rollout of a transfection that this guy invented and that
VAERS is something to talk about for four years and that's it
and then they met Denny Rancor. Denny Rancor gave them data that showed that actually there wasn't
a novel spreading additive risk pathogen that can explain the excess deaths but actually it was
probably just dumb ideas and they ignored it all the way up until speaking in front of the Senate
a month ago and I believe these people just like some of the people behind or part of the no
virus group just like some of the same people that are part of the NIH messaging on TV and
social media messaging for those people on TV they are all part of a group of coordinated liars
that have taken different disparate positions that all one way or another support and reinforce
and edify the presuppositions of the narrative that there was a novel virus that it killed millions
of people but millions more were saved by an imperfect transfection that the next generation
of will be better and RNA can definitely cause a pandemic gain a function viruses can really do it
and so we've got to be afraid of it in the future and all of these people on TV social media and and
they reinforce this narrative by making you ask questions that will never actually penetrate it
even the no virus people get you to ask questions that will never get you to the point where you
will say transfection in healthy humans was criminally negligent and thousands of academic
biologists should have known it and they will never get you to say that RNA cannot pandemic
because they'll keep you focused on viruses can't be isolated viruses haven't been proven these
sequences are just background and they won't tell you the significance of it by then saying
that that that's why they murdered people and here's how they murdered people they'll never
get to the stage where they can say there's no virus and this is why they want you to stay
exclusively focused on there's no virus because isolation purification culture isolation purification
culture why not in four years has the no virus people never gotten to the stage where they can say
that there was no virus and they killed people why is it that the people who say that there that
we had a bad response can't get to say that there's some component of this that's murdered not one
of them can say it the only murder or damage they want to talk about is the transfection that they
still call covid vaccines it's a coordinated group of liars that have contributed to books
over the decades and books over the last four years and i was co-opted for a while into this
group of coordinated liars that tried to convince me that my ideas about infectious clones being
the real methodology underlying RNA RNA virology the real illusion is that there is no RNA virology
it is exosomal communication and it is a hot background of this kind of communication being
distorted has exclusively outside of us and the purview of david baltimore's virology tree
it's a lie ladies and gentlemen you got to get out of the car and realize that our parents were
in this car and our parents put us in this car and if we're not vigilant we're gonna put our kids
into this car and they're gonna be driving away with these people into the future ladies and
gentlemen the hypothesis that gets you out is that they lied about a dangerous novel virus using all
very complicated and coordinated set of lies that spanned across fields and social groups and
languages and cultures to collectively agree on the potential for a pandemic to collectively
agree on the potential for a pandemic in laboratories and in bad caves and then reinforcing the
possibility of a worst case scenario to get maximum compliance created by the maximum confusion
because they want maximum compliance to the inversion of sovereignty to permissions
ladies and gentlemen this has been gigo and biological high resistance low noise information
brought to you by a biologist this has been sunday anti-academic at catamagic hour
casting spells is what they do oh i just cut without cutting
um ladies and gentlemen this spent gigo and biological high resistance low noise information
brief brought to you by a biologist this is the stream whose main messages is that intramuscular
injection of any combination of substance is one of the intent of augmenting the immune system is
dumb transmission and healthy humans was always criminally negligent and thousands of academic
biologists should be apologizing to you and the college kids that they mentor because they should
have told them this in 2020 an RNA cannot pandemic and anybody that considers themselves an academic
biologist at the phd level should be able to rub their chin and scratch their head for a couple
hours and read a few papers and understand that we have been told something about RNA that biology
does not support um i love you all very much have a happy happy sunday i'm going to the gym
um to shoot some buckets and uh to move around a little bit i missed that yesterday um because
my stream went wrong and now the boys are already at the gym um so i got to get moving thank you
very much for being here and i will see you guys again tomorrow 10 10 ladies and gentlemen 10 10
too bad he believes in ion channels indeed
so
you